medical_medicament_us/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Medical Medicament US
=====================

Extension of medical_medicament that provides US Locale 


Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Improve and provide a full description for this module into the README.rst
* (v10) Control codes should be abstracted to a model in the core medical.medicament
  & used for things like automatic prescription expiration dates

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_medicament_us%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] medical_medicament_us: Various small to medium fixes. * Set _us fields in medicament tree view to invisible. (crowding the view) * Reorganize attributes in manifest * Fix readme to match oca template * Add demo data * Refactor tests to use demo data * Add oca icon to description * Small fixes to models * Grammar error fixes in readme * Fix control_code help attr in medical_medicament * Remove medical_medication dependency * Set control_code back to visible in medical_medicament_view * Set gcn_id back to visible in medical_medicament_view * Add more detailed help to control_code field * Minor improvements to demo data

medical_medicament_us/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============================
Medical Medicament - US Locale
==============================

Extension of medical_medicament that provides GCNs and NDCs on medicaments.
Respective attributes have been added to medical_medicament views.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* (v10) Control codes should be abstracted to a model in the core medical.medicament
  and used for things like automatic prescription expiration dates

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
