medical_base_us/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================
Medical Base - US
=================

Provides base logic for Medical US Locale, such as
 * Luhn Formula Verification (For Social Security #, NPI)
 * DEA # Verification (For DEA ID)

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Improve and provide a full description for this module into the README.rst


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_base_us%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

medical_base_us: Various small fixes. * Fix README to match oca template * Fix copyright headers * Reorganize manifest attributes * Add oca description icon * Add docstrings to tests * Fix spelling of license in manifest * Fix import ordering in models and tests

medical_base_us/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================
Medical Base - US
=================

Provides base logic for Medical US Locale, such as
 * Luhn Formula Verification (For Social Security #, NPI)
 * DEA # Verification (For DEA ID)

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
