medical_patient_disease/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=======================
Medical Patient Disease
=======================

This module introduce the concept of

* pathology and group/category of pathology
* diseases

Into the medical addons

Usage
=====

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_patient_disease%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@techreceptives.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Nhomar Hernandéz <nhomar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP][10.0] medical: Simplify models (#34)
* [IMP] medical: Simplify models
* Add `partner_contact_birthdate`, `partner_firstname`, and `partner_identification`, `partner_contact_gender` dependencies
* Remove attributes in partner and patient that are duplicated by dependencies
* Remove is_* attributes on partner in favor of `type`
* Act upon type to create medical entities automatically from partner if of correct type
* Change `dob` to `birthdate_date` for compatibility with `partner_contact_birthdate`
* Change `dod` to `date_death`
* Change `deceased` to `is_deceased`
* Forward port OCA 9.0
* Update patient entity type

[IMP] medical_base_us: Remove constraints
* Remove constraints in favor of partner_identification validation
* Add `res.partner.category_id` validators for dea, npi, and ssn
* Remove security for test models that no longer exist

[IMP] medical_pharmacy:
* Forward port OCA/9.0
* Update entity type

[IMP] medical_physician:
* Remove medical_constants
* Update Entity type
* Forward port OCA/9.0

[IMP] medical_medicament: Forward port OCA/9.0
[IMP] medical_pathology: Forward port OCA/9.0
[IMP] medical_patient_disease: Optimistic forward port of pending OCA
[IMP] medical_medication: Optimistic forward port of pending OCA
[IMP] medical_prescription: Optimistic forward port of pending OCA
[IMP] medical_manufacturer: Update entity type
[IMP] medical_insurance:  Update entity type
[IMP] medical_*: Update naming to correspond with patients renames

[REM] medical_patient_us: Disable module
[REM] medical_physician_us: Disable module
[REM] medical_pharmacy_us: Disable module
[REM] partner_medical_medication: Remove dup attribute

* [FIX] medical_prescription_merge: Fix invalid ref
* Update ref; spe1 became medical_specialty_gp

* [FIX] Python file permissions to 644

* [FIX] medical_prescription: Test assertions

medical_patient_disease/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=======================
Medical Patient Disease
=======================

This module extends the medical patient concept with diseases (using pathologies from medical_pathology).

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@techreceptives.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Nhomar Hernandéz <nhomar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
