sale_stock_medical_prescription/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

===============================
Medical Prescription Sale Stock
===============================

Extension of sale_medical_prescription that allows for a pharmacy warehouse.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known Issues / Roadmap
======================

* Improve and provide a full description for this module into the README.rst
* Implement determination for what drugs can be substituted (in _check_product)

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_stock_medical_prescription: Fix tests, models, licenses. * Remove check_patient from rx_line and sale_line models * Re-add default dispense uom method to rx_line * Add more detailed description to README * Change licenses to LGPL * Fix imports * Fix issues with rx_order lines incorrectly highlighted red * Increase test coverage in sale_order_line

sale_stock_medical_prescription/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/LGPL-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3

===============================
Medical Prescription Sale Stock
===============================

* This module adds dispense logic to prescription sale orders and integrates with the process of stock and inventory
  management found in the Odoo Inventory Management (stock) app. This also extends to OTC orders as well.

* Prescription order lines in the Medical panel will be highlighted red in the
  respective tree views if they cannot be dispensed due to lack of stock inventory available.

* The prescription order lines will also be red if there is a Date Stop Treatment defined and the current date is
  greater than the stop date.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known Issues / Roadmap
======================

* Implement determination for what drugs can be substituted (in _check_product)

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
