medical_patient_species/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=======================
Medical Patient Species
=======================

This module adds the Pet concept/logic to Patient

Usage
=====

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_patient_disease_allergy%0Aversion:%209.0.1.0.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* James Foster <jfoster@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[FIX] medical_patient_species: Add post_init hook that sets all current patients to human. Add create overload to patient that ensures species_id is populated with human ID if left empty. Backups to this include a constraint in the backend and frontend to ensure species_id is never left empty when creating or editing a patient.

medical_patient_species/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=======================
Medical Patient Species
=======================

This module adds the Pet concept/logic to Patient

Usage
=====

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known Issues / Roadmap
======================

* All medical patients are set to human initially using post_init_hook method. This is due to dependencies
on medical_patient_species.human existing before medical.patient is updated.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_patient_disease_allergy%0Aversion:%209.0.1.0.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* James Foster <jfoster@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
