medical_pharmacy/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=====================
Odoo Medical Pharmacy
=====================

Extension of medical that adds a pharmacy namespace on partners.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] medical_pharmacy: Relicense and various tweaks * Remove openerp references * Change license to LGPL * Change default image logic in medical.pharmacist to align with new approach in medical.abstract.entity * Fix broken unit test * Fix minor bugs in views and medical.pharmacy model * Restructure menus to avoid dependence on medical_physician * Bring module closer in line with OCA guidelines

medical_pharmacy/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

================
Medical Pharmacy
================

This module introduces pharmacy and pharmacist entities, along with views that
can be used to manage them.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on
`GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of
trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported. If you
spotted it first, help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association:
  `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.
* Icons Land: `Pharmacist Avatars <http://www.icons-land.com/>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>
* Oleg Bulkin <obulkin@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
