medical_medicament/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================
Medical Medicament
==================

This module introduce the concept of Medicaments using product as basis
It also includes concept of drug forms and drug routes

Usage
=====

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_medicament%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@techreceptives.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Nhomar Hernandéz <nhomar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] medical_medicament: Improve module to match oca conventions * Convert xml demo views from tabs to spaces * Fix view_ids * Remove perpetual copyrights * Refactor and fix filters in medicament search view * Remove storage fields from views and models * Refactor tests to use demo data * Refactor existing demo data, adding more attributes * Re-organize manifest attributes * Upgrade readme to match oca template

medical_medicament/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================
Medical Medicament
==================

This module introduce the concept of Medicaments using product as basis.
It also includes concept of drug forms and drug routes.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Note that the storage column has been removed from v8. Replacement module is medical_medicament_storage.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@techreceptives.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Nhomar Hernandéz <nhomar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
