website_sale_medical_prescription/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===================================
Website Sale - Medical Prescription
===================================

This module binds website_sale and medical_prescription_order

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

* Install module

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* Go to Website Admin for Pharmacy website
* Enable ``Prescription Step Option`` in Website Checkout customization

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Buy product that is child of Prescription internal category using website

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known Issues / Roadmap
======================

* ...

Bug Tracker
===========


Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_medical_prescription%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[FIX] website_sale_medical_prescription: Issues w/ checkout form * Temp patch date handling in autocomplete * Move disabled attribute to input children of form containers

website_sale_medical_prescription/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===================================
Website Sale - Medical Prescription
===================================

This module binds website_sale and medical_prescription_order

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

* Install module

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* Go to Website Admin for Pharmacy website
* Enable ``Prescription Step Option`` in Website Checkout customization

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Buy product that is child of Prescription internal category using website

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/9.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known Issues / Roadmap
======================

* Date parse in field_autocomplete.js should be moved to website_field_autocomplete
  & provide support for internationalization.

Bug Tracker
===========


Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_medical_prescription%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
