medical_medication/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================
Medical Medication
==================

This module introduce the medication concept into the medical addons.
Allowing to give to a specific patient a specific medication. It also allows
to define medication template in order to facilitate the creation of a
medication.

Usage
=====

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_medication%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@techreceptives.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Nhomar Hernandéz <nhomar@vauxoo.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP][10.0] medical: Simplify models (#34)
* [IMP] medical: Simplify models
* Add `partner_contact_birthdate`, `partner_firstname`, and `partner_identification`, `partner_contact_gender` dependencies
* Remove attributes in partner and patient that are duplicated by dependencies
* Remove is_* attributes on partner in favor of `type`
* Act upon type to create medical entities automatically from partner if of correct type
* Change `dob` to `birthdate_date` for compatibility with `partner_contact_birthdate`
* Change `dod` to `date_death`
* Change `deceased` to `is_deceased`
* Forward port OCA 9.0
* Update patient entity type

[IMP] medical_base_us: Remove constraints
* Remove constraints in favor of partner_identification validation
* Add `res.partner.category_id` validators for dea, npi, and ssn
* Remove security for test models that no longer exist

[IMP] medical_pharmacy:
* Forward port OCA/9.0
* Update entity type

[IMP] medical_physician:
* Remove medical_constants
* Update Entity type
* Forward port OCA/9.0

[IMP] medical_medicament: Forward port OCA/9.0
[IMP] medical_pathology: Forward port OCA/9.0
[IMP] medical_patient_disease: Optimistic forward port of pending OCA
[IMP] medical_medication: Optimistic forward port of pending OCA
[IMP] medical_prescription: Optimistic forward port of pending OCA
[IMP] medical_manufacturer: Update entity type
[IMP] medical_insurance:  Update entity type
[IMP] medical_*: Update naming to correspond with patients renames

[REM] medical_patient_us: Disable module
[REM] medical_physician_us: Disable module
[REM] medical_pharmacy_us: Disable module
[REM] partner_medical_medication: Remove dup attribute

* [FIX] medical_prescription_merge: Fix invalid ref
* Update ref; spe1 became medical_specialty_gp

* [FIX] Python file permissions to 644

* [FIX] medical_prescription: Test assertions

medical_medication/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================
Medical Medication
==================

This module introduces the medication concept into the medical addons,
allowing the matching of patients to specific medications. It also allows
the user to define the medication template in order to facilitate the creation of a
medication.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Parthiv Patel <parthiv@techreceptives.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@techreceptives.com>
* Nhomar Hernandéz <nhomar@vauxoo.com>
* Brett Wood <bwood@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
