medical_center/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: GPL-3

===================
Odoo Medical Center
===================

Extension of medical that adds a Medical Center entity.

A Medical Center represents an office or other location in which a Health Professional,
such as a Physician or Lab Tech, works.


Usage
=====

#. Go to Medical -> Medical Facilities -> Centers
#. Create or view centers

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Improve and provide a full description for this module into the README.rst


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_pharmacy%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.
* ClipArt Best: `Medical Center Avatar <http://www.clipartbest.com/>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[DMCA] Add copyright headers & ReadMe statements * Add copyright headers on files that have not been entirely rewritten * Add modified work statements on modules that evolved from GNUHealth

medical_center/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: GPL-3

===================
Odoo Medical Center
===================

Extension of medical that adds a Medical Center entity.

A Medical Center represents an office or other location in which a Health Professional,
such as a Physician or Lab Tech, works.


Usage
=====

#. Go to Medical -> Medical Facilities -> Centers
#. Create or view centers

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/159/10.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Improve and provide a full description for this module into the README.rst


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_pharmacy%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.
* ClipArt Best: `Medical Center Avatar <http://www.clipartbest.com/>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

The current project as it is today represents an evolution of the original work
started by Luis Falcon. See https://sourceforge.net/projects/medical/files/Oldfiles/1.0.1,
that later became GNU Health (see
http://health.gnu.org/). The original code was licensed under GPL.

On Nov 27, 2012 derivative code was published in https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical,
by Tech-Receptives Solutions Pvt. Ltd., licensed
under AGPL.  The license change was unauthorized by the original
author. See https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/commit/f0a664749edaea36f6749c34bfb04f1fc4cc9ea4

On Feb 17, 2017 the branch 9.0 of the project was relicensed to LGPL.
https://github.com/OCA/vertical-medical/pull/166. Various prior contributors
approved the relicense, but not all.

On Jan 25, 2018, GNU Health claimed that the original code and attribution
should be respected, and after further investigation the Odoo Community
Association Board agreed to switch the license back to GPL v3 to respect the
rights of the original author.

Although no trace of relationship was found between the code at the date
and the original code from 2012, through the commit history of the project one
can see that the current status of the project is the end result of an
evolutionary process. The Odoo Community Association Board concluded that
the original license should be respected for ethical reasons.

More information can be read here - https://odoo-community.org/blog/our-blog-1/post/vertical-medical-75.


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
